Update setup-steps-for-extensible-key-management-using-the-azure-key-… (#8717)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/security/encryption/setup-steps-for-extensible-key-management-using-the-azure-key-vault.md

> [!NOTE]  
> If you are using EKM in an availability group (AG), you will need to alter the credential and restart the SQL Server service on all nodes of the AG.

> ## Rotating Asymmetric Key with a new AKV Key or a new AKV Key Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rotate asymmetric key with a new AKV key or a new AKV key version
```

> Currently, SQL Server doesn't have a mechanism to automatically rotate the Certificate or Asymmetric Key used for TDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, SQL Server doesn't have a mechanism to automatically rotate the certificate or asymmetric key used for TDE.
```

> At high level, below are the steps to rotate Asymmetric Key manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps to rotate an asymmetric key manually are as follows.
```

> 1. Create NEW_ASYMMETRIC_KEY pointing to same AKV key (points to most recent valid Key Version) or a new AKV key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create NEW_ASYMMETRIC_KEY pointing to same AKV key (points to most recent valid key version) or a new AKV key.
```

> 2. Create new TDE_LOGIN_NEW from NEW_ASYMMETRIC_KEY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new login from the new asymmetric key:

```

>   ```sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sql
```

>    CREATE LOGIN TDE_LOGIN_NEW FROM ASYMMETRIC KEY NEW_ASYMMETRIC_KEY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CREATE LOGIN TDE_LOGIN_NEW FROM ASYMMETRIC KEY NEW_ASYMMETRIC_KEY;
```

   ```

> 3. Map AKV Credential to TDE_LOGIN_NEW

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. Map AKV credential to the new login:

```

   ```sql

>    ALTER LOGIN TDE_Login_New

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ALTER LOGIN TDE_LOGIN_NEW;
```

>    ADD CREDENTIAL AKV_Credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ADD CREDENTIAL AKV_Credential;
```

   ```

> 4. Alter the Database Encryption Key to re-encrypt with new Asymmetric Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion

4. Alter the database encryption key (DEK) to re-encrypt with the new asymmetric key:

```

   ```sql

>    ALTER DATABASE ENCRYPTION KEY ENCRYPTION BY SERVER ASYMMETRIC KEY NEW_ASYMMETRIC_KEY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ALTER DATABASE ENCRYPTION KEY ENCRYPTION BY SERVER ASYMMETRIC KEY NEW_ASYMMETRIC_KEY;
```

   ```

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
```

> > Rotating the logical TDE protector for a server means to switch to a new asymmetric key or a certificate that protects the Database Encryption Key. Key rotation is an online operation and should only take a few seconds to complete, because this only decrypts and re-encrypts the database's Database Encryption Key, not the entire database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Rotating the logical TDE protector for a server means switching to a new asymmetric key or certificate that protects the database encryption key (DEK). Key rotation is an online operation and should only take a few seconds to complete, because this only decrypts and re-encrypts the DEK, not the entire database.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Do not delete previous versions of the key after rotation. When keys are rotated, some data is still encrypted with the previous keys, such as older database backups, backed-up log files and transaction log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't delete previous versions of the key after rotation. When keys are rotated, some data is still encrypted with the previous keys, such as older database backups, backed-up log files, and transaction log files.
```
